Cai Yufeng, what are you doing?
Does the master and junior brother want to take the ring in the air?
It looks like I can't take it away.
No one else can think about it, right?
Tianji Excalibur, if you still remember, I remember Shenyunzong
Then the speed is mine
A blood feud between two groups
Look, the phone is off
Not even your corpse?
No, the red light you see is different from just now.
sword
Could it be that this kid is the owner of this divine sword?
Ah, good boy
It seems that this Tianji Divine Sword is an accessory that should be sealed.
Now it's just a return to the original owner
Yingfeng, this kid is really a god
Hahahahahahaha
Xiao Yingfeng, I finally found you
Hahahahaha it's you